export const choices={
       
}

export {freePrisoners as event} from '../../reducers'


# Release

You hit the button labeled "Release Subjects". At first it not obvious that
anything is happening. But then you start to see the status column on the screen
change for each of the subjects, going from "In Simulation" to "Simulation
Disabled". Then suddenly the lights dim, an an alarm starts to sound. Looks like
whatever you did attracted some attention.

You think about leaving, but just then you hear a rush of noise past the door.
You can't tell exactly what it is but it sounds like a mix of confused prisoners
and guards. You stand up and move close to the door and then stand up against
the wall out of sight.

Through the door you can hear someone shout "Call backup from the guard house,
we need help getting these folks back. Then the sound of the scuffle seems to
move farther way down another hall. You think you can leave safely now.

You decide to chance it. You come out to an empty hall. The alarm siren and
lights are still flashing. You make your way up the hall slowly towards the exit
and the guard house. You round the corner of the hall, and you can see it's a
straight shot. You hear commotion from the room on your right where it sounds
like the guards are distracted, fighting with the prisoners. 

You start walking quickly towards the exit, and then once you're past the room,
breaking into a run. No one is at the guard house now, and you have a clear path
to the exit.

You sprint through the doors, out into the sunlight. You slow for a second as it
blinds you, but your eyes quickly adjust. You're in a parking lot in front of a
non-descript gray building. 

The lot is mostly empty, but right near the entrance there's actually a delivery
van of some sort, and it appears to be idling without a driver. You don't
hesistate, you just jump in and drive. You don't know where you are, or where
you're going, but at least you got out of there, whatever it was.

**The End. Congratulations you escaped!**
